# Interpreting the Results

In solving for coil paths, the `pyCoilGen` application also generates various output files.

If the `debug` input parameter is larger than 0, it produces some output images.

Unless suppressed by `save_stl_flag`, it generates 3D .stl mesh files.

Unless suppressed by `skip_postprocessing`, it computes `SolutionErrors`.

## Intermediate Images

If the `debug` input parameter is larger than 0, the application produces four images with a filename derived from the `project_name`.

For example:

 - `10_ygradient_cylinder_0_5_contours_0_p.png`: Shows the initial, open, contours paths.
 - `14_ygradient_cylinder_0_5_contour_centres_0_p.png`: Shows the closed contours with their contour group centres.
 - `16_ygradient_cylinder_0_5_wire_path2_uv_0_p.png`: Shows the fully joined wire path.


## Output Meshes

Unless suppressed by `save_stl_flag`, the application generates two 3D .stl mesh files per detected coil part with a filename derived from the `project_name`.

For example:

 - `ygradient_cylinder_surface_part0_y.stl` : Shows the winding coil surface for the first coil part.
 - `ygradient_cylinder_swept_layout_part0_y.stl` : Shows the 3D swept mesh of the winding coil conductor for the first coil part.

## CoilSolution

The `CoilSolution` is a data structure that contains all data loaded and processed by the application.

```python
class CoilSolution:
    coil_parts: List[CoilPart]          # The processed CoilParts
    target_field: TargetField           # The computed TargetField
    combined_mesh: DataStructure        # A composite mesh constructed from all CoilParts meshes.
    sf_b_field: np.ndarray              # The magnetic field generated by the stream function.
    primary_surface_ind                 # Index of the primary surface in the of the coil_parts list.
    solution_errors: SolutionErrors     # The solution errors, if computed.
```

## SolutionErrors

Unless suppressed by `skip_postprocessing`, the `SolutionErrors` contains information about the solution.


### FieldErrors
